# [Episode CX:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfxIf3frJuE&list=PLlVjFVMet3OXfEi7b2w50OUc7QMnpfKqK) Can The Trump Train Turn Hillary Into Roadkill?
With the end of the Republican primaries
in sight, and Donald Trump the
prohibitive favorite for the nomination,
critics of the Never Trump movement have
been out in force and they're trying to
browbeat those of us who don't support
Trump into embracing this demagogic
loudmouth moron with tyrannical views of
government and an incoherent quasi-isolationist foreign policy. So last week
I talked about "Never Trump" and I said
"never means never." But here's a more
important question, given the fact that
the Trump train is now barreling down
the 2016 tracks: What comes next for the
Trumpsters? Now that they're whining
mewling rage has brought about the
nomination of the most leftist candidate
in the GOP's history, here's the question:
What do they do? Well, they have to do
three things: 

## What comes next for the Trumpsters?
### Step 1: Inflate the Myth of Trump

First they inflate the myth
of Trump. Trump is the overwhelming
favorite to lose according to every
betting market. He's currently at 18% at
Betfair, he's at 29% at Bovada, PredictWise gives him a 27% chance of winning
the Republican presidency. Of the last 50
head-to-head polls between Clinton and
Trump, Clinton wins 42 of
them, she ties three. 

So Trumpsters have claimed for months their man is *the only
one* who can beat Hillary, so they have
sort of a bind. Like the Joker in the
Dark Knight, they've now chased the car,
and they've bitten the bumper, but "now
they don't know what to do with it!" So
they'll pretend for just a few months
that Trump will win.

Today they're holding up a new [Rasmussen poll](https://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/elections/election_2016/trump_41_clinton_39) it shows
Trump ahead of Hillary 41 to 39 this
they say shows Trump is competitive. Now
put aside that Rasmussen polls were
wildly off last time around in 2012.
Instead focus on the fact that poll
includes 15% of voters who say
they want "somebody else" and another 5% who are undecided.
No candidate in history has won an
election with 41% of the vote
without a third party candidate and
there's no third-party candidate on the
horizon. Beyond that, the poll shows that
Trump wins about 48% of white
voters; he needs 63% to be competitive
with Hillary Clinton. So, in the absence
of decent stats showing that would Trump
would be competitive of Clinton, they're
starting to spin. 

Michael Walsh (he's a
big Trump supporter over at the New York
Post) he says Trump can win. He [says](https://nypost.com/2016/04/30/how-donald-trump-beats-hillary-clinton/): 

> You're darn right he can!... Does anyone
> think that in the debates,
> Hillary will be able to withstand the
> blunt-force trauma the braggadocious
> billionaire deployed to knock Jeb
> and his other rivals out of the race?

First, off he didn't really knock Cruz
out of the race with that same routine.
He didn't knock Rubio out of the race with that same
routine. He looked pretty bad in those
last debates. New debates will look much
more like those late debates. 

### Step 2: Wait for Consolidation

Then they
have to move on to step two: wait for the
consolidation. They have to pretend that
the old establishment is the new
anti-establishment: everybody who's anti-Trump, but used to be establishment, is
now the new anti-establishment.
So the Trump people made a bet: they bet
that the establishment wing of the GOP
would get behind them if they could
threaten them into conciliation.
Historically, that's a pretty good bet.
Obama made the same bet, he
constantly threatened and cajoled
Republicans, and it always paid off. 

Now, Marco Rubio is making ridiculously funny
noises about how Trump is coming around
and has become more mature. John Boehner,
the former Speaker of the House, says
Cruz is "Satan incarnate" and he'd vote
for Trump over Hillary, but not Cruz.
Trump is overtly defending Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. In
Indiana, former governor Mitch Daniels
has kept quiet, and current Governor Mike
Pence reluctantly endorsed Cruz but then
said nice things about Trump. GOP leaders
are getting behind Trump for a few
reasons: 
* First, they don't want the party split.
* Second, they want the cash. Anytime
there's an election, they get a lot of
cash. 
* And third, they actually like
Trump's leftist program, even if they
don't like Trump personally. 

### Step 3: Prepare for the Crash

Okay, third
thing that the Trumpsters are prepared
to do: they're preparing for the crash. So
the Trumpsters are really worried that
Trump's gonna lose. And so they're
preparing their "stabbed in the back" myth
early. They're relying on these first two
steps: they're claiming Trump is a "super
powerful wonderfully brilliant candidate"
and they're gonna say even the
establishment got behind him. And then if
they lose, they're gonna say that "the
evil nasty conservatives wrecked the
whole thing." Ian Tuttle put it this way
this way at National Review.
he [said](https://www.nationalreview.com/2016/04/donald-trump-followers-want-vengeance-not-victory/):

> If Trump is the nominee, it won’t matter what anti-Trump conservatives do leading up to November. If Trump wins, his supporters will trot out the guillotine. If Trump loses, they’ll trot out the guillotine. They just want to see heads roll.
> 
> This has been the animating impulse from the beginning. At the heart of the Trump phenomenon is a bloodthirst, and one way or another, there will be blood.


Now the Trump people
have to push this narrative or they'll
be blamed for nominating the most
despised person in modern politics, and
thus losing the presidency to the most
despised leftist in modern politics.
That'll turn 2020, four years
from now, into a brawl between the Trump
supporters, the people who initiated this
stupid pathetic Beer Hall Putsch, and
those who oppose them. The burden is now
on the Trumpsters. They're about to find
out that if you light the match for the
burn-it-all-down movement, that's not
quite the same thing as sitting in the
center of the house while the walls are
flaming.

I'm Ben Shapiro, this is The Ben Shapiro Show.

<hr>

So we're back from passover
and this week's episode is sponsored by
the post Passover laxative let my people
go and it's a and it was a great
vacation I'm so glad that I had it and
I'm so sad that I get to come back the
day before Armageddon it's just that
it's it's bad vacation scheduling like
we're gonna schedule a vacation
preferably you do it when Armageddon is
actually happening you don't come back
right before the sweet meteor of death
hits the earth and obliterates all life
that's the time when you would prefer to
be on the vacation not coming back the
day before Indiana newest poll from The
Wall Street journal/nbc shows that Trump
is up 40 49 to 35 over Ted Cruz which of
course has everybody who cares about the
Republic everybody who thinks Trump will
be bad for the Republic shredding their
clothing and and ripping their and
ripping their clothes and gnashing their
teeth and beep decking themselves with
ash or they like to call it the Glenn
Beck show but in any case but that's
sort of what what a lot of us are
becoming in any case it's very sad
Donald Trump is poised to to win Indiana
there are two different polls that came
out over the weekend one shows Cruz way
ahead and then one shows that the Trump
is way I had the one that shows Trump
way ahead is the NBC Wall Street Journal
one the one that shows Cruz ahead is
some nowhere poll from Indiana so take
that for what it is worth the
establishment couldn't be happier about
this by the way the establishment which
I've been saying for months was going to
swing behind Donald Trump when the chips
were actually down when there's only one
way to stop Trump and that was gonna be
them they would cave and that's what
they're doing and so what you're
starting to see is this new call from
the from the elite in the Republican
Party that Trump is actually fine
secretly he's okay it's all just been a
big ruse you know this is this whole
thing is it'll be okay it'll be okay and
Cruz really is desperate now yes of
course Cruz is desperate one of the
things making him desperate is that you
guys keep
saying that he's desperate like it turns
out that when everybody in the
establishment jumps onto the seesaw on
donald trump's very heavy side then
that's going to make cruz a little bit
more desperate so here's newt gingrich
rolling out like the bowling ball that
he is talking about how indiana is life
or death for ted cruz what do you think
you think indiana is the make-or-break
situation I mean if Trump wins Indiana
is it over oh sure look in Indiana is
make-or-break for Cruz and it's a bump
in the road for Trump if Cruz can't win
Indiana and by when I mean get virtually
all the delegates do something like
close to what he did in Wisconsin
there's no possibility that he can stop
Trump that it'll just be over sometime
Wednesday morning on the other hand if
Trump doesn't do particularly well in
Indiana he has so much overall momentum
and it's such a huge lead that he could
still win by winning in New Jersey in
California in June 7th so for Trump it
is a significant event for Cruz it's
life and death well it's becoming that
because people like Gingrich over the
past few weeks have been throwing their
rather ample support behind Donald Trump
and he's not the only one David Brooks
who really doesn't like Trump very much
he hates Cruz even more I mean David
Brooks despises Cruz because he thinks
that Ted Cruz is just the word he said
that he has I think he called it a
satanic impulse toward darkness
something ridiculous like that David
Brooks who actually is a leftist he's a
leftist masquerading as a right winger
David Brooks says he's the the in-house
conservative over a PBS and New York
Times he says the Cruz is drowned and
Cruz is collapsing and all the rest of
it the second thing that's happened is
not only Trump is strong but Cruz looks
a lot weaker and flailing about with
Carly Fiorina and the alleged Kasich
deal that looks like the acts of a
drowning man and so just in terms of the
moral rigor the motivation force the
morale Cruz is collapsing and Trump is
surging so I agree with Mark and you
don't have to look quite so happy about
it there David Karl Rove - seems a
little he's coming around - you're
seeing the entire Republican
establishment jump on this bandwagon now
look there's objective analysis Cruz is
desperate Cruz has to win
if he doesn't win Indiana it is over
essentially unless something unforeseen
happens Donald Trump spontaneously
combusts from from dusting his face with
the hot cheetos instead of the regular
cheetos or something like that but it's
true
Donald Trump is probably going to be the
nominee but the point that I'm making is
that the talk about Cruz you can see
there's like a little bit of Glee behind
a lot of these folks talking about how
Cruz is basically done and the reason
that he's basically done is because
these people have blown up in the last
two weeks
Trump's victories which he was expected
to win on the East Coast into while this
is over now he won New York he won
Delaware clearly he's gonna sweep they
the media helped craft a feeling of
momentum it's what they do after Iowa
the media did not push the notion that
Ted Cruz had a lot of momentum going
into New Hampshire they said oh he's
gonna get killed in the New Hampshire
and he actually did much better than
expected in New Hampshire the media
helps craft the momentum conversation
and they're really behind the Trump
train right now and which is why Trump
will probably win Indiana tomorrow and
he'll probably win it in bigger numbers
than people think he will Karl Rove does
the same thing Rove has been making
secret quiet overtures toward backing
Trump because he wants his American
Crossroads super PAC to be relevant in
the general election he doesn't want to
take himself out of play and so here is
the the panel on Fox News Sunday Chris
Wallace who is a Trump backer and it
looks like I think kimberly guilfoyle
who's trump back or karl rove who is a
who's a quasi trump back or one williams
who is kind of a quasi trump backer
and george will the only person on the
panel who doesn't like donald trump but
there's there's karl rove in the center
again why this man is considered a
legitimate political figure is beyond me
after he ran up and down the halls of
Fox News during the last election cycle
like a character from Harry Potter
haunting the bathrooms like Moaning
Myrtle
here is ears Karl Rove he said of Trump
won Indiana it could all be went over
right so look this is not a strategic
move this was a tactical move the Acela
primary was a night of good night for
Donald Trump and what better way to stop
people in Indiana from focusing on that
then naming your vice presidential
running mate and spending a lot of time
in Indiana and so they you know it was a
desperate move but it it may have shut
down a certain amount of the coverage of
Trump's a sello primary win and spend a
little bit more
I'm on the pizzaz of a vice presidential
running mate and they're eager the media
is eager to make it into into a cruise
out Trump in routine ejt oh and he's a
leftist he's trying to push the
horserace narrative now and this is what
the entire media are going to do there's
a real horse race Trump can win this
thing you're already starting to see
that narrative out today as I suggested
earlier this is the first step in the
narrative the first step is Trump can
win then it's the establishment jumps on
the bandwagon because they like the
money and they they'll I want to keep
the doors open and then finally it'll be
Trump loses and he loses pretty big and
then they turn around and they say well
it's because of all you conservatives
who wouldn't back him in the first place
EJ Dionne is on the Left he's pushing
that the horse race narrative here he is
trade trade trade and industrialization
and that's his whole card if he could
win those Rust Belt states that are
traditionally democratic you win the
election his problem is I on Matt's
point the country may say we're on the
wrong track but Barack Obama's numbers
have gone over 50% as he said last night
and if Barack Obama is doing that well
in November it's gonna be very hard for
Trump to advance that argument and I
think whatever he picks up among voters
concerned about trade and those issues
he's gonna lose with those massive
negative numbers he has among women so I
think his path is very difficult but if
there is a path for him it's in the Rust
Belt and it's with young voters not
voting in the same in the numbers that
he'll remain interesting Christie helps
with he helps bring them out but okay so
the idea is that this will be a more
competitive race than everybody thinks
now I want to talk a little bit how
Trump can win okay how Trump can
actually win so I don't think that it's
going to be as much of a cakewalk
because even I have been saying Hillary
over Trump I do think that Hillary will
end up winning I do think she'll win a
lot of states that Trump has put into
play but if Trump wins it's really going
to be just because the left is so
terrible which is what makes this whole
thing really frustrating for me because
if Trump wins because the left is just
so terrible that means that Cruz could
have won just because the left is so
terrible
and then we could have a constitutional
conservative as president of the United
States not this bloviating big state
buffoon right if the left is so terrible
that anybody could have won which is
basically the premise because the only
other premise is basically that Trump
attacks a lot
but Trump's attacks backfire as often as
they strike but if Trump wins it's going
to be because the people who are on the
other side are so terrible so one of the
big narratives that's emerged over the
last few days has been all of the
protesters at Trump at Trump rallies
that there a lot of protests are showing
up in harassing people and this is true
and when I watch this stuff as somebody
who ardently does not like Donald Trump
somebody who ardently dislikes Donald
Trump I understand the sympathy for
Donald Trump when you look at this stuff
so here are a bunch of Hispanic kids
protesting one of trumps appearances in
California and here's what it looked
like
you have people driving past here Trump
signs and sees a bunch of Bernie Sanders
holding Latino kids there and they are
and they're flipping the boards these
people driving past
shaking her powers he's clapping but all
these kids what 12 years old maybe 1012
days older than their flipping off the
cars that are passing I look at this and
I say you're holding a Mexican flag and
we're in a sombrero and you're flipping
off the cars that are passing I have a
lot of sympathy for the people who
oppose you even if I don't like the
people who oppose you and this is what's
the the Trump movement is an anti
movement it's an anti movement it's an
anti everything movement and it's an
anti these people movement so more
prominent these folks are the better off
Trump is going to be another event over
the weekend there is a bunch of
protesters who clashed with the police
and at a trump event here's what that
looked like protesters in California
tried stopping the billionaire in his
tracks clashing with police breaking
down barricades even fighting with a
trump supporter the most violent
opposition to a Trump appearance it's a
cancer event in Chicago last month they
forced the candidate to take a winding
detour to a GOP convention near San
Francisco that was not the easiest
entrance I've ever made my wife called
she said there are helicopters following
you and we did and then we went under a
fence and through a fence and boy I felt
like I was crossing the border actually
crossing the border but I got here it's
a funny line and this is what creates
the feeling of popularity for Trump
because the people who face him are such
dimwits the people who face him are so
terrible right it's sort of the same
feeling I'm sure there are people who
dislike me and when I go and speak on a
campus and people try to throw people
who want to hear lecturers around and
start beating them up people start to
have sympathy for my point of view just
because the people who are protesting me
are so terrible here's another Trump
supporter they showed him briefly there
and Sean Hannity described this guy is
somebody walking through hell okay let's
be real about this like this isn't a
schvitz and it's not Normandy okay then
quite hell and the guy is choosing in
fact to walk through a bunch of leftist
protesters but it does show that there
are a bunch of people out there on the
Left who are violent
there they are flying Mexican flags and
honestly trying to beat up a guy who's
wearing a make America great again hat
of course is a pro from videos
correlation to Christopher
video subscribe number one but number
two if this guy and he's walking he's
getting all feisty
and finally here's a trump protester
explaining why it is that these
protesters are doing what they're doing
this was on MSNBC over the weekend can
you tell us just how this escalated how
this kind of gotten out of control I
don't think it is out of control I think
that what you're seeing is people
express righteous rage at the fact that
we've got this hateful bigot coming to
speak in our state and they're saying no
absolutely not was this action plan was
his plan to be a peaceful protest or was
it by any means necessary at this point
we respect the diversity of tactics
right we plan to to lock down the
streets and keep him out and stop him
from speaking and by any diversity of
tactics you mean anything goes we mean
that black and brown and poor people
have a righteous rage and they have a
right to express it in the way that they
need to and and to prevent this man from
speaking our state why is the anger show
directed at this one person at Donald
Trump what is the rage about because
he's been inciting violence against
black people and brown people and Muslim
people and and giving a platform for
basically hate speech and white
supremacy to permeate the country you
feel like rushing over the barriers and
heading towards the entrance of a
convention is the right way to approach
this I think that we should be
interrupting the convention and making
sure that Donald Trump does not take
stage today you planted into the bottom
line is these people if Donald Trump
becomes president because of these
people it's because of these people and
they're handing a talking point to the
to the RNC so RNC communications
director Sean Spicer he said this he was
on CNN he says why is it that we never
talk about the the anti-trump protesters
who are getting violent but what was not
as fun is to watch the violence outside
of the Donald Trump rally last night
John I want to just pull some pictures
up of what happened last night these
were anti-trump protesters they were
turning over police cars they were just
you know there's all sorts of vandalism
yeah so what I mean how much of a
concern do you have my word Shawn about
these scenes that we're seeing
well I'll tell you here's what's
interesting when the issues happen in
Chicago a few months ago it was the
Republican National Committee and
members of folks on our side that called
out and said we agree this sort of
violence is unacceptable but yesterday
you heard absolute silence when folks on
the Left went and caused this absolute
just a disrespectful nature caused
violence just you know any public
property silence from the DNC silence
from hill okay
they are such hypocrites when it comes
to voting rights Sean on the mountain
right now $67 right now they said
nothing when it comes to violence yet
they say nothing hold on oh it's
interesting they're always willing to
call out everybody else yeah when it's
their side okay disrupt it it creates
violence then I will announce it right
now it's a peaceful protest should be
peaceful absolutely and I hope you join
me too in denouncing your local
Republican Party chairman in Broward
County Florida who last night said the
most offensive misogynistic thing that
anyone has said on this campaign and
it's largely driven because the RNC has
stood by and not stood up to Donald
Trump so this is it so again the
contrast here is what's going to help
Donald Trump because I'm the one hand
you have Sean Spicer who's saying you
guys won't even stand up to people who
overturn cop cars and on the left you
have their spokesperson and he's saying
yeah well we don't like when they do
that but you should really condemn the
comments of this person there's a
difference as I like to say between
action and words okay somebody saying
something can be something you don't
like it can be something offensive it
can be Donald Trump saying stupid things
give me lots of things violent action of
course is the line that once you cross
it there is no return and SOIC waiting
the two things is very dangerous stuff
the idea that Donald Trump says
something that's the equivalent of
people surrounding cars and overturning
them that's absurd that's absurd and
that is the road to fascism and that's
why Trump is seeing a significant base
of support because hit the opposition to
Trump and this is the problem for folks
like me I oppose both Trump and the
opposition of Trump right the the people
who you're seeing in these streets I
think they're awful I think they're
terrible I also think the Trump is awful
and terrible but not in the same way or
it's a trump is awful and terrible
because he says a lot of things that I
think are really terrible I think has a
lot of bad positions I think he hangs
out with bad people I think he
incentivizes bad people
I think he's incoherent on policy I
think the people who face him are worse
right because they're actually engaging
in violent action but this puts me in a
small minority because people tend to
think in binary terms people tend to
think in binary terms Jeremy boring
who's the managing editor over at Daily
wire he likes to give the example I
think I've talked about before he likes
to give the example that people love
Star Wars but Luke Skywalker is one of
the most boring heroes in movies
what makes Luke Skywalker the hero is
that you open the movie with Darth Vader
you open the movie with a guy in a 7
foot tall guy in a black death mask
bursting open a door and forced choking
somebody picking him up from the ground
and choking him to death for no reason
right just crushing his crushing his
larynx for know his windpipe for no
reason and then you and then they cut to
Luke who's a whiny teenager like oh that
guy must be the hero okay in this
scenario Darth Vader is these protesters
and Donald Trump is Luke Skywalker but
what if Luke Skywalker is actually just
like not a great guy what if Luke
Skywalker in that case is Bubba Fett if
they just cut - Bubba Fett now Bubba
Fett is the is the is the good guy right
because the guy who cut - after the
worst person must be the best person and
that's and that's how how the mind
operates in terms of Trump versus his
opposition and so for example you see
that sort of stuff and then you see
Trump getting all pugnacious and and
he's asked about Vincent a fox in the
wall and he says the way his usual line
the wall just got 10 feet taller right
you look at Trump doing this and you go
okay I get this the former President of
Mexico Vicente Fox he said today and I'm
quoting him he said I'm not going to pay
for the effing wall so if you don't get
an actual check from the Mexican
government for eight or ten or twelve
billion dollars whatever it will cost
how are you going to make them pay for
the wall I will and the wall just got
ten feet taller believe me and that's
when you get the big yells right is it
flashback to the debate it's that sort
of feel from Donald Trump
he's a counter puncher this is his
routine I'm a counter puncher okay so
that's how Trump can win is if the left
is so terrible that the person who
counts her punches against the left
becomes more popular and Hillary is so
terrible Hillary's irritating and
annoying and awful a Hillary Clinton she
said that for example here's a good
juxtaposition so Hillary is so bad she
makes Trump look funny and good by
contrast
so Hillary said over the weekend that
when she has to deal with how will she
deal with Donald Trump well she knows
how to deal with men off the reservation
is clip 20 here's Hillary Clinton
talking about Donald Trump I have a lot
of experience dealing with men who
sometimes get off the reservation and
the way they behave and how they speak
I'm not gonna deal with their temper
tantrums or their bullying or their
efforts to try to provoke me he can say
whatever he wants to say about me I
could really care less I'm gonna stand
up for what I think the American people
need and want in the next president
that's why I've laid out very specific
plans there's nothing secret about what
I want to do with the economy with
education with health care with foreign
policy I've laid it all out there
and he can't go sushi I can't tell two
things one she looks like death second
she sounds like a skull right I've dealt
with men who get off the reservation
before I've dealt with men who get off
the reservation before except of course
the reservation where her husband lived
in which case she just brought the
hookers to him I mean she basically was
his procurer but in any case Trump says
that until the contrast is going to
benefit trust here's Trump responding to
that to that comment from Hillary it's
it is funny she has taken from others a
lot of heat having to do with that
statement and I think it's a very hard
state but it's basically like I can
handle men don't worry about me I can
handle men if somebody said that if I
made that say but about women there'd be
a front page headlines yeah you
basically just about I can handle men
now I won't even bring up the fact that
the Indians have gone wild on that
statement you know that okay the Indians
have said that that statement is a
disaster statement and they want a
retraction I'm not going to get into
that but that have you just heard
they're not bringing that up I'm saying
that has been I think a very I think
it's a very nasty statement to men and
if I made that statement it would be a
big big story okay so so Trump is
fighting back on her level and because
she's nasty and harridan and he's also
nasty and in a horror show they'll fight
it out on that level with each other so
I'm
that way in that way Trump could win now
here's the problem here's where Trump
goes wrong and this is the problem okay
Trump the benefit of Trump is if you
were just if you really were everything
he says he is you were just a
counter-puncher that's all he wore you
know people attack him he hits them back
really hard if that's just to what his
candidacy was he'd be in good shape but
that's not all he is Donald Trump is
also a sideshow and because he's a
sideshow the media will turn on him in a
New York minute they will break him so
the media made him and the media will
break him can the media made him they
spent 30 years portraying him as this
master of the financial universe this
whiz kid who comes from nowhere and
makes himself into this massive brand
and the whole deal and they spent two
billion dollars worth of media coverage
in this primary alone to help push him
and now they're going to destroy him
because all of the sideshow nonsense if
it's initiated by Hillary denier
responds that's not sideshow he's good
at that he legitimately legitimately
he's good at it it's his best trait it's
what he's good at if he has to initiate
action he's in serious trouble when he's
left to his own devices he's in Syria
listen I said back in 2011 that if the
man had any discipline he'd be President
we're about to find out whether he has
any discipline at all so here is you
know the sideshow here's the part of the
sideshow campaign so you remember two
weeks ago Donald Trump said he'd let
Caitlyn Jenner use a women's restroom in
his Trump Tower so Caitlyn Jenner took
him up on it and decided to truck on
over to Trump Tower and then use the
restroom over there and Caitlyn Jenner a
very beautiful woman and and here we go
oh my god
now I love this okay last week Donald
Trump said I could take a pee anywhere
in a Trump facility so I am gonna go
take a pee in the ladies room
it's not a man folks that's women keep
remembering and then here comes Caitlyn
Jenner into the lobby asking where the
ladies room is they tell them where the
ladies room is he's eight feet tall and
he's go to the men's room because he has
a willy he's gonna go into the women's
room and and that's where the tape cuts
out now it is funny to me that the tape
cuts out there presumably because you
don't want to show what happens in the
women's room it gets real awkward and it
turns out that he's standing facing the
toilet in order to go peepee they always
stop it right where that cuts out
because the offensive part actually
happens inside the door when he takes
out his very feminine penis and begins
peeing in the women's room but this is
part of the Trump sideshow campaign
because now this is all over the news
Caitlyn Jenner peeing in Trump Tower and
now all over the news
Donald Trump talking about Mike Tyson
Mike Tyson is of course the famous boxer
who is a convicted rapist he did three
years in he was I guess a resident in
Indiana for three years while he was in
the State Penitentiary he was actually
in prison in Indiana and Mike Tyson came
out and endorsed Trump say yeah like I
like Donald Trump Donald Trump's great
heat the bet Donald Trump he's such a
tough guy I'll give Mike I got ya eat
his children so Donald Trump well so
Donald Trump was asked about this Ted
Cruz came out he said Donald Trump
touted this first of all and Ted Cruz
said well you know I don't go around
touting endorsements from rapists here's
Donald Trump coming back at Ted Cruz via
Chris Wallace it just shows what a liar
he is so Mike Tyson over the Internet
endorsed me he said I endorsed mr. Trump
he said that that was it no big deal I
didn't have a meeting or anything I
haven't seen Mike in years but he said
he endorsed me so Cruz is now saying oh
he was a rapist this guy's are realized
that's why we call him lyin Ted Cruz I
mean the greatest life that I've lived
except he gets caught every time except
he gets caught every time he's a
convicted rapist convicted okay not even
accused like Bill Clinton
convicted went to jail I know the
prosecutor Greg garrison
he's talk show hosts over in Indiana
convicted rapists but but Ted Cruz's a
liar so how do you think that's gonna
play in general when he's saying that
convicted rapists are not actually
rapists
by the way Donald Trump going back 20
years was too
and Mike Tyson from the rape allegations
suggesting in fact that the Mike Tyson
had been sort of suckered into this
whole thing and that and the Desiree
Washington the woman who accused him of
rape was actually just trying to get him
Trump of course was running his casinos
at that time and wanted Tyson to be able
to box there so here's a tight he says
again this is the Trump sideshow
so if Trump were just the counter
puncher he'd be fine he's the sideshow
also so Donald Trump says Mike Tyson is
not a rapist and anyone who calls Mike
Tyson a rapist despite the fact he was
convicted of rape is a liar but there is
one kind of rape that Donald Trump
doesn't like and that is economic rape
so here's Donald Trump on China don't
forget we're like the piggy bank that's
being robbed we have the cards we have a
lot of power with China when China
doesn't want to fix the problem in North
Korea we say sorry folks you gotta fix
the problem because we can't continue to
allow China to rape our country and
that's what they're doing it's the
greatest theft in the history of the
world okay you can stop it there it's
personal Ted Cruz is the greatest liar
in the history of the world China
manipulating its currency is the
greatest theft in the history of the
world not like I mean admittedly not
quite not and maybe it's a little bit
worse than like I don't know killing six
million Jews and taking all their money
but you know aside from that it's it's
like the greatest theft in history or
maybe you know the various mass Wars of
attrition across the Middle East and
across the maybe the stealing of oil and
the nationalization of British Petroleum
by a run now but but no the greatest
theft in history is not actually theft
it's just China trading with us but
that's rape okay so Mike Tyson is not a
rapist but China is an economic rapist
okay again this is where the Trump
sideshow begins to run off the rails and
this is the problem for the Trump train
is that if Trump just stayed on track if
you were just fighting Hillary if he
just wore the counter-puncher he'd be ok
but he's not but he's not because he's
all these other negative things and
here's how things are gonna go here's
how things are gonna go Harry Reid says
look we're gonna win back the Senate
Democrats are gonna win back the Senate
because Donald Trump we all we need to
pay up or to take the majority and with
the numbers I'd give you it's going to
be a fairly certain thing that we can do
that okay and this continues here's that
here's why the Democratic Senate
takeover is likely they're now starting
to run ads
Tromp so this is the first time we're
now nearing the Trump nomination to the
point where Democrats feel comfortable
spending their money on anti Trump ads
so there's an ad that's now running in
Arkansas and it's an ad that is that is
running I'm trying to member the name of
the candidate who's running this ad I'm
bringing it up right now by cam but in
any case his the the guy who's running
this particular ad is he's running for
Senate in Arkansas and he's running a
guy against a guy named john Boozman
who's the current senate senate senator
in Arkansas it's Conner Eldridge the
guy's name he's a Democrat here is the
ad that he's now running against the
Republican senator in Arkansas this is
how the campaign is going to go because
again Trump is a negative force he's not
just an anti force he's a negative force
too here's the ad that's running in
Arkansas so for folks who couldn't eat
he ate like a pig I'd look at right in
that fat ugly face of hers
he once sent her a picture of herself
with the words the face of a dog or not
somebody typing the word harassment he
subjects someone to hostility you know
they look like two light posts coming
out of a body blood coming out of her
wherever
a person who's flat chested is very hard
to be a 10 you don't think you could get
it up for her I think I'd have a hard
time Wow
no I don't find her attractive and then
goes back to explain what harassment is
you dropped to your knees pretty picture
you drop
like you wouldn't have your job if you
weren't beautiful did I put together a
montage of Marla Donald's have her what
is it like when she is in bed with you
God it is a beautiful instruction with
no question
Trump enabler this is Arkansas Senator
John goes right so the idea is that
Boozman supports Trump support the
candidate regardless of who we pick
whether Donald Trump it certainly would
be a lot better presidency and then it
goes to Conner Eldridge in there that's
the rest of ya doesn't matter so that's
the point okay Trump's negatives are
very real it's not just that he's anti
it's that he's an active negative force
so he's a package deal you're getting
the the guy who's gonna throw the
kitchen sink you're getting the guy
who's gonna hit people with a hammer
he's also the guy who's always a hammer
and if in hammering people badly and a
negative ways and in nasty ways for
legitimately years now what's sad about
all of this again is that Hillary is so
vulnerable if you're just anti-hillary
you have a good shot at winning if
you're anti Hillary Hillary such a shrew
she's such a shrieking harpy of evil but
if you just went out there and ran
against her you'd be in great shape but
Trump has so much baggage there's so
much that that is negative about Trump
Hillary is just going to eat him up on
all of those things and so when and the
Trump support base but again this is the
disconnect right that well the point
that I'm making is a pretty objective
one Trump is good in some ways but he's
really bad in some ways and the ways
that he's bad are really gonna hurt him
the Trump support base though is so
passionate because they're anti because
they're anti and because Trump is anti
things they now assume his from support
base assumes that everything that Trump
is anti is something worth being anti so
there's an exchange that happened it was
today
earlier this morning Ted Cruz was
campaigning in Indiana he was confronted
by a Trump supporter and it looked just
to give you sort of a hint as to well
let's play a little bit of it here's
here's Ted Cruz meeting a Trump
supporter and you're about to see why
this election has gone so badly because
the anti feeling feeling of resist has
now been extended to even people who are
constitutional conservatives not just
the actual enemy people like Hillary
Clinton because for Trump and for
Trump's people Hillary isn't necessarily
the enemy everybody who
not Trump is the enemy even if not
everyone in this process though I'll
tell you this election so I appreciate
your coming out I appreciate your coming
out I think anyone that wants to be
President others to the people of this
state to come in front and ask for your
support and I'm running to be everyone's
president those who vote for me we don't
want you you're entitled to you sir not
will respect it in fact I'll be the bass
drop out it's your turn
well take your own word now I'm curious
sir I'm drop out when journal doesn't
get to 1237 in a couple definitely gonna
get a 37 he's gonna get more than 12
what what do you like about that
everything you'd give me one everything
give me one okay the world that's the
main thing you're a great chef
now do you know on the wall that Donald
told the New York Times editorial boards
not gonna build a wall he's not gonna
deport anyone well sir civilized people
don't yell at each other I'm not yelling
okay and this is okay so basically this
has now become the scene from tombstone
where Kurt Russell is dealing at the
casino and Mike right Ike Clanton comes
up to him and this is the end this is
the scene this is the exact scene here's
what it looks like right wider you
this is now mr. Kansas law dog law don't
go around here savvy I'm retired
good that's real good yeah yeah that's
real good law dog cause law just don't
go around here yeah for the first time
winner to the king $500 that is that
exchange right I mean he's got the same
number of teeth right you got that guy
and he's got three teeth talking to Ted
Cruz Harvard Law grad and constitutional
lawyer about a lion Ted well there you
are lyin Ted you definitely had those
Affairs that's true but when you side
that New York Times them city people
with their with their crazy words and
such well now listen most southerners
are not this guy they assume these in
Indiana so it's not even that southern
right he's Midwestern but this is it but
but this is what a lot of Trump
supporters have become because they're
so anti things they're anti the Trump
protesters I'll give them the benefit of
the doubt I think a lot of the Trump
people ardently support Trump because
they were pushed into the Trump camp by
a lot of people who were anti Trump
originally the hard left in the media
and now they've bought full into the
dictatorial impulse nothing Trump says
can be wrong what do you like about him
everything I like everything like this
house of his hands I think he's a nice
ass everything all of the things about
Donald Trump are wonderful let me tell
you when he says he's got great
appendages I believe I believe I believe
every word he says
and once you get to that point folks
you've moved beyond the realm of
rationality I fully understood the
reactionary love for Donald Trump's
candidacy but you have to acknowledge on
an objective level that there are
problems with Donald Trump is a
candidate I've acknowledged on an
objective level there are problems with
my guy Ted Cruz as a candidate comes off
like a snake oil salesman he comes off
like a Baptist preacher and it's very
difficult to feel that he's sincere
Donald Trump is a bad man and comes off
like a bad man hey you can acknowledge
that and still support your guy but this
whole routine were everything he does is
right every single thing that he does is
right Oh everything they're all great
all the things are wonderful about
Donald Trump you truly have to be
foolish to believe this and if you buy
into this if you buy into this all the
way through the election you're gonna be
in for a bad surprise because you're
gonna think all the way up till the time
he gets beat
a thousand percent all the way up until
the time he loses 43 states you're gonna
be thinking that he's gonna win because
that's all he does he just wins that's
all he does he just lyin Ted crooked
Hillary and if you just keep saying
these things over and over I love
everything it's just there's no way to
convince those folks and those people
will be the first people who are staying
that that Trump was stabbed in the back
when he loses even though we told you a
year in advance that he was gonna get
his butt kicked all right time for one
thing that I like and then a couple of
things that I hate all right so things
that I like the Hilary mantel wrote a
book called Wolf Hall that's very good
it's now series on PBS show you like a
little bit of the preview of the series
the series is OK the book is much better
but but the acting on the series is
really good so here it's about Henry the
8th and and the the break-in the church
and his marriage to Anne Boleyn
I assume the series will take us all the
way up to Anne Boleyn's beheading the
first book takes you to Sir Thomas
More's beheading but but it's a very
good book and here's what the series
looks like at last a man born in a more
lowly state than myself Cromwell I knew
there was something about you that I
didn't like I swear to be a true and
faithful counselor to the Kings majesty
as one of his Highness's Privy Council
you'll not find any talent I possess the
England cannot use a trust in your
discretion and your skill you made a
mistake threatening me
now is the time you to become the king
you should be what you afraid what those
who've been made can be unmade thank you
people cuz you are a serpent everything
that you everything that you have damian
lewis is a terrific actor I first
started to really like him when I watch
Band of Brothers which is the best
series ever on TV banda brothers a
spectacular will have to do with things
i like just on band of brothers because
it's that good but that's where so the
book itself Wolf Hall is what I've read
I haven't seen the full series started
to watch it and the series is okay but
the book is much better so it will fall
by Hilary mantel alright things that I
hate Amy Schumer has now put out a new
video on guns Amy Schumer is the is the
gal who recently was on the cover of I
can't remember which magazine it was it
was one of the women's magazines and who
was a picture of her setting her hoo-hoo
on fire which is what syphilis will do
to you by the way and and and she also
is a far leftist who pushes anti-gun
routine so she did this anti-gun routine
this is her routine of selling guns this
is what she thinks that this is why she
thinks right when their cell done by
guns here we go
Amy Schumer now speaking of perfect
gifts no this is a no-brainer all right
no this is a gun just your regular
run-of-the-mill meat-and-potatoes
handgun now how cute is that it's like a
toy but it's extremely real yeah I now
here is what's great about this now
pretty much anyone can purchase this
okay oh my god this is so fun that's so
fun and it's on sale now call in we got
a call caller yeah you did you sure did
honey but that's okay gun oh no I could
never get a gun I have several violent
felonies oh no all are you bite your
tongue you silly goose you can
absolutely get a gun
you have several felonies as long as you
buy it on the internet or at a gun show
and caller none of these things are true
everything every out what's so bad about
this personals bad comedy because it's
not funny in any way but beyond that
every element of this is false all of
the things about this are false it's
very it's actually not that easy to buy
a gun you have to be over a certain age
they do a background check on you every
federally licensed firearms dealer has
to do a background check for felonies if
you buy a gun over the internet it has
to be shipped to a federally licensed
firearms dealer you then have to go to
that federally licensed firearms dealer
for a background check the gun show
loophole is not a real thing okay real
firearms dealers at a gun show still
have to do a background check on you the
so-called gun show loophole is Vaisala
done to Lindsay
okay that's it that's not a gun show
loophole that's a private party purchase
loophole it's a different thing and
there's been no evidence that private
party purchases like that are what are
leading to any sort of spike in gun in
any case you wouldn't expect
intelligence from a woman who sets her
vagina on fire to show the world what a
how she sets the world on fire
presumably but this is a comedy in the
service of leftism has now become the
thing so over the weekend was the White
House Correspondents Dinner
and I hate hate the White House
Correspondents Dinner there are two
Washington spectacles I absolutely
despise in every way it's possible to
despise them the first Washington
spectacle that I despise is the State of
the Union it's an imperial dick taught
that comes from a guy who's an elected
official in front of other elected
officials but when he walks into the
chamber everybody cheers and now we all
have to worship at his altar and it's
gonna be great so that's the number one
thing I the second thing I hate is the
White House Correspondents Dinner
because it's the media which is supposed
to cover the president in all of the
gory detail and the pilot and the
president who's supposed to serve the
media and the public and they get
together and then they used to drink and
they were tuxes and they feed each other
and they talk about how they're best
friends I don't want the media to be
friends with the president the media
coverage of george w bush was
significantly better than any of the
media coverage of barack obama because
the media didn't like bush and they
liked obama i said that so i hate this
thing and i think that if i if you or
somebody who's out of a job
watching president obama wear a tux and
sip champagne as he makes jokes with the
celebrities you would think well maybe
our political class is a little bit out
of touch I'm voting for Donald Trump
because of all of that even though
Donald Trump
these people he's both Hollywood and
Washington DC so there are a couple of
things that were particularly galling
when you start with Obama's jokes Obama
does this comedy routine and honestly if
I were the President of the United
States I think I would just tell them to
stick it I think I would just I I would
probably skip the event I probably just
cancel the events altogether because
they they call this thing nerd prom it's
not nerd prom okay that all of these
people are not nerds most of them are
Talking Heads who are incredibly stupid
but good-looking and so they're there
and they're supposed to be nerds and
they're joking with each other and it's
just the whole thing just sticks in my
craw in a real way here's President
Obama joking about Donald Trump so this
night is a testament to all of you who
devoted your lives to that idea we had
so much fun the last time and it is
surprising you got a room full of
reporters celebrities cameras and he
says no is this bitter too tacky for the
Donald what could he possibly be doing
instead see no eating a trump steak
tweeting out insults to Angela Merkel
what's he doing and there's one area
where Donald's experience could be
invaluable and that's closing Guantanamo
because Trump knows a thing or two about
running waterfront properties into the
ground okay I just wanna point one thing
out play one more clip of this and then
I want to point one thing out so here is
President Obama talking about how warm
he is with the prize how much he loves
the press I know that there are times
that we've had differences and that's
inherent in our institutional roles it's
true of every president and his press
corps but we've always shared the same
goal to root our public discourse in the
truth to open the doors of this
democracy to do whatever we can to make
our country and our world more free and
more just
there is pretty media this is what I
hate about President Obama's regime okay
and it it his administration President
Obama does this routine where now he's
feeding the press he spends his entire
administration prosecuting members of
the press who attempted to uncover
things about him he went after the AAP
he bugged the AAP he sends his reporters
he sent his DOJ after reporters from the
Washington Post the media have said
openly this is the least transparent
White House in the history of White
House's and yet there he is talking
about how he has this close relationship
with the media and are all they're
clapping for yay that's what I hate
about all of this and it's not just the
media obviously it's also the folks in
Hollywood so you saw Amy Schumer using
comedy in the service of leftism
or rather taking a gun to the head of
comedy and pulling the trigger
splattering its blame brains across the
wall in service to to leftism Larry
Wilmore who as I've said before is the
second least funny human being on the
planet after Trevor Noah Larry Wilmore
was the guy who hosted this one and same
deal same deal so his jokes about Obama
basically fell flat they're really quite
terrible his jokes about Trump were much
more hard-hitting and then how he
finished it up was was the big story of
the day so here's Larry Wilmore
finishing up remember he's the comedian
he's the comedian right he's supposed to
be the comic entertainment here is Larry
Wilmore finishing up if this doesn't
tell you everything you need to know
about the nexus between Hollywood and
the media and the White House this is it
right here okay Larry Wilmore got praise
nothing but praise for this from the
media media thought this was brave and
wonderful the same media that thought
Stephen Colbert going on stage and
calling George W Bush a liar in front of
him at the White House Correspondents
Dinner about ten years ago now they
thought this was just the bravest thing
they ever saw Larry Wilmore do here's
Larry Wilmore talking about President
Obama thank you for being a good sport
mr. president but all jokes aside let me
just say how much it means for me to be
here tonight I've always joked that I
voted for the president because he's
black and people say would you agree
with his policies normally I said I
agree with the policy that he's black
as long as it keeps being black I'm good
you say what about Iraq is he still
black but behind that joke is a humble
appreciation for the historical
implications for what your presidency
means when I was a kid I lived in a
country where people couldn't accept a
black quarterback now think about that
a black man was stopped by his near
color not good enough to lead a football
team and now to live in your time mr.
president when a black man can lead the
entire free world
words alone do me no justice so mr.
president I'm going to keep it 100 yo
Barry you did it my nigga oh and Obama
is so pleased because of course he spent
his entire life searching for his black
identity according to dreams for my
father a couple of things worthwhile
they're pointing out one he's a comedian
he is not a political commentator second
even if you were a comedian who does
political comedy the idea that he's
coming out in full and this isn't sure
this is politician worship it's Trump
like politician worship on the right and
this is existed for Obama for a long
time this sort of stuff created Trump in
every way the worship for Obama created
a feeling of worship on the other side
of the aisle for the anti Obama the
media's collusion with President Obama
created a hatred for the media that
allows Trump to get away with
unbelievable lies I mean that's an
amazing line what Larry Wilmore says
there where he says have you do a groove
his policy says if he keeps being black
I grew his policies can you imagine a
white person saying that can you imagine
that
end of the world pure racism right and
then when he drops the n-word at the end
of that everybody's supposed to be okay
with that cuz a black man talking to
another black man making a black guy in
joke in front of the entire country
right with the presidents who's supposed
to be the presidents of all the people
it really is appalling but this entire
dinner is appalling and it demonstrates
again that we've become a politics of
celebrity we've become a politics of
personal loyalty which is the scariest
thing you combine those two personal
loyalty and celebrity and what you end
up with is a joke you end up with a
circus but it's a tyrannical circus we
used to be able to get away with this
kind of crap when we had hero worship
for people in 1840 with William Henry
Harrison right he was a general but the
president didn't do anything then now
that's the most powerful office on the
world in the world and we're talking and
the only question is whether it ought to
be controlled by Kanye West or whether
it ought to be controlled by Justin
Bieber that's basically that the
conversation now and so we've got our
own Kanye and Justin Bieber we have our
own President Obama in Donald Trump just
because he's anti things doesn't make
him Pro the right things we'll talk
tomorrow we've got tomorrow for the for
the last episode the the ultimate
episode before the apocalypse arrives
we'll see if in the molded Pacific Rim
we are able to cancel the apocalypse
somehow being a pessimist I doubt it but
we'll still be here in Clavin
to feel better this afternoon will tell
you some happy talk or something you
know it's just the way there go but I'm
here I'm here to depress you I'm back I
got all the notes I'm here yep
you brought me back all right I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show